Document how to populate sql metrics (#13827)
DataDog/integrations-core: cockroachdb/tests/README.md

# E2E

## Populate `cockroachdb.sql.*` metrics

> You may want to populate the `cockroachdb.sql` metrics for development purposes or for generating sample data such as for a dashboard. Included in the `/tests/docker/` directory is a SQL script, `sql.sh`, that runs various SQL commands on a loop. To enable the E2E cockroachdb container to run this script do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to populate the `cockroachdb.sql` metrics for development purposes or for generating sample data such as for a dashboard. Included in the `/tests/docker/` directory is a SQL script, `sql.sh`, that runs various SQL commands on a loop. To run this script, enable the E2E cockroachdb container by doing the following:
```
